README.md, before:

# SentryGameEngine
A complete java based Game Engine.

Copyright (C) 2018  Connor Horman

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

<h2>Copyright Exclusion</h2>
In addition to the terms above, Sentry has an addition Copyright term to increase usability.<br/><br/>
Sentry is designed as a Framework for writing and releasing Games built in a platform independent context. Applications which Build Sentry or a subset framework into there core are considered a Derivative Work, and therefore are bound by the Terms of the GNU General Public License. 
However, Games which are developed using Sentry Game Engine, which DO NOT build Sentry into the product are exempt from these terms, and are not considered Derivative Works. This is based on the linking exception of GNU GPL. The use of the library itself is still bound by GPL. 
This specific Exception applies to all works which use Sentry Game Engine in the way shown above, even if it would otherwise be termed a Derivative Work under The GNU GPL. <br/><br/>
Despite this explicit exemption, the spirit of Sentry is that users are free to build upon other's works to improve them. We encourage developers to release there Games under GNU GPL or other Freeware licenses, rather then releasing proprietary games.

Commit message:

Update gitignore and add licenses for LWJGL and Google Libs.

README.md, after:

# SentryGameEngine
A complete java based Game Engine.

Copyright (C) 2018-2019  Connor Horman

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Copyright Exclusion
In addition to the terms above, Sentry has an addition Copyright term to increase usability.<br/><br/>
Sentry is designed as a Framework for writing and releasing Games built in a platform independent context. Applications which Build Sentry or a subset framework into there core are considered a Derivative Work, and therefore are bound by the Terms of the GNU General Public License. 
However, Games which are developed using Sentry Game Engine, which DO NOT build Sentry into the product are exempt from these terms, and are not considered Derivative Works. This is based on the linking exception of GNU GPL. The use of the library itself is still bound by GPL. 
This specific Exception applies to all works which use Sentry Game Engine in the way shown above, even if it would otherwise be termed a Derivative Work under The GNU GPL. <br/><br/>
Despite this explicit exemption, the spirit of Sentry is that users are free to build upon other's works to improve them. We encourage developers to release there Games under GNU GPL or other Freeware licenses, rather then releasing proprietary games.

## Additional Licenses

Binary Forms of LWJGL, as well as Google GSON and Google's HTTP Client Library are provided with the Sentry Game Engine Project for linkage purposes.

These Binary Files are (c) there respective owners. I do not claim ownership of these binary files.  

LWJGL is licensed according to LWJGL-LICENSE. 
Both of Google's Libraries are licensed according to Google-LICENSE.
